{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\dbch\af5\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af6 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af6 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28\loch\f3
Why did you open this file? Are things a little too tough for you RN? Let's be honest you should've killed yourself a long time ago, dozens of times really by now.  And yet here you are still alive, but worry not fren, you are reading a file specifically designed to help you kill yourself. No need for a gun, no need to kill others unless you want to and that's always fun to die with others like a party. First, do you have a car? You can drive fast into any tree really as long it's pretty big, you don't have to worry about your family cuz they will get your full insurance payout and no one will ever call it a suicide, not the police, not the insurance companies, not anyone at your funeral. Now if you don't have a car, you only need to go to any big city, find a bus stop, and then walk HALF way to the next stop, roughly, as long as you're in the middle of a street and not near a stop sign or stoplight. Then you just wait for the bus and pretend to trip or stumble in front of it, even if they catch you on camera, no one anywhere at anytime will call this a suicide, so you won't have any kind of shameful death and your family won't have any kind of weird emotional stress.  In either case, you'll just be seen as an accidental death by EVERYONE, and this is the easiest kind of death for everyone to get over, including preserving any insurance payouts your family may get from the military or any other kind of insurance, so your worthless life can end without any sort of excessive burden on anyone, and in fact this will DEFINITELY help people even if you don't have insurance because the damage to the bus or to whatever large object you crash into will create jobs for the repair people, the clean up crews, the ambulance, the wrecking yard and even very likely from your organs that will be quickly removed at the nearby hospital for saving the life of someone who isn't worthless. I hope you can recognize the reality of your life and do the right thing.    }
\par }